VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Now that you have a foundational knowledge of key products and features of the
CES solution, let’s delve into its go-to-market strategy. In this module, you’ll
explore the Customer Service Modernization Solution, the new Google Cloud
Consulting Go-To-Market strategy. This comprises of a number of service packages
that leverage specific CES and Google Cloud products to create value for
customer services use cases, which you’ll also get to explore throughout this
module. As part of Google Cloud’s evolving Go To Market, CES has become a
central set of products which combine to create the Customer Service
Modernization AI Solution. Sellers across the globe have learned about the value
that Google Cloud can unlock when Google Cloud Consulting and Partners leverage
CES to modernize the customer experience. The Customer Service Modernization
Solution helps customers to improve self service and deflection rates. Customers
can easily access enterprise and product data to boost agent productivity and
improve customer response time, as well as access a digital concierge capable of
delivering a superior, human-like customer experience across both chat and voice
channels. It can also be used to modernize chat and voice infrastructure.
Customers can quickly replace their legacy interactive voice response systems,
modernizing the overall chat and voice infrastructure. Additionally, it helps to
boost agent productivity. Frontline customer service agents’ productivity can be
greatly enhanced by providing real time assistance through quick access to
enterprise data. And finally, it also helps by providing real-time customer
service insights. To achieve these business goals, Google Cloud Consulting has
built a set of Service Packages that leverage specific CES or Google Cloud
products (like CES Platform, Agent Assist, Insights and BigQuery) that are
tailored to produce these outcomes. Customers can purchase these service
packages from Google Cloud Consulting directly or through Partners. Service
Packages are comprised of Offerings which allow customers to choose which
elements of the modernization they would like to focus on. The Service Packages
are constructed to cater as much as possible to the different needs of the
modern enterprise. Depending on their business goals, a customer may opt for a
Full Service Transformation, in which case they would engage Google Cloud
Consulting or a partner to deliver all pillars of the transformation.
Alternatively they may decide to focus on one or two areas. As an example, if
the customer purchased the Customer Service Platform Modernization and Real-Time
Customer Service Insights Packages from Google Cloud Consulting, the offerings
that would be delivered in the context of this transformation would be: Build
Virtual assistant with Conversational AI. Conversation Insights. And CX
Transformation with CESP. The bottom line is that Google Cloud Consulting’s
modular approach to service packages can easily help jumpstart your sales
conversations that maps service packages to a specific offering leveraging
specific CES or Google Cloud products.