VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

So, how can Google Cloud enterprises “enter the future”? A new era has begun
with “Industrial Revolution 4-point-0” driven by Artificial Intelligence. This
revolution is considered as impactful as the three preceding it, starting from
the steam power revolution in 1784, followed by the electricity revolution in
1870 and the first information technology revolution in 1969. This new era is
defined by intuitive human-to-computer interactions powered by a new field of
Artificial Intelligence called Generative AI. Generative AI is capable of
understanding and generating language through modalities such as text, audio,
video and images. As AI transforms contact centers, it is necessary to have a
framework that breaks down user self-service functionalities into 3 categories:
Informational, Transactional, and Generative. Informational functionalities
serve use cases where the user wants to know something. Conversely,
transactional functionalities serve use cases where the user wants to do
something. While, generative functionalities serve use cases both informational
and transactional. Keep in mind that these are not mutually exclusive. One
experience can be informational, transactional, and generative. Essentially, all
three work together to transform the contact center experience. For instance, a
user calls in to check their bill balance (informational), then asks to pay
their bill (transactional), with generative capabilities used for conversational
fallout. To the user this is one conversation, but in order to develop and
deploy to production it needs to be broken down into these categories. From
here, you can implement generative technologies into both informational
transactional use cases to create new wonderful experiences. Behind the scenes,
the platform that powers all the Generative AI functionalities in CES is Vertex
AI, which is Google Cloud’s Generative AI platform. This is a collection of APIs
and tools that supports all the needs of the new Generative AI-centric
enterprise. Starting at the bottom of the stack, we have Google’s world class AI
optimized infrastructure, fully integrated with Google Data Cloud. On top of it
sits the Vertex AI Model Garden, a one stop shop to find first-party, open
source and third-party large language models. The AI Platform leverages the
resources from the Model Garden to provide end-to-end tooling to build, deploy
and monitor Gen AI models and pipelines. Agent Builder is the interface that
developers can then lean on to access the AI platform resources to quickly and
easily infuse chat, Gen AI, and search into their Enterprise applications. AI
Solutions, such as Contact Center AI leverage the Vertex AI Search and
Conversation to deploy chatbots and voicebots at scale. These capabilities are
both accessible as out-of-the-box solutions and custom agents.