VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

When assessing the opportunity to embrace CES as a solution for a business, it
is important to think about use cases and user personas to best target
development efforts. Let’s analyze the details of these use cases and user
personas. In this module, you’ll learn to define a use case before analyzing how
to best leverage design thinking to create user-centered solutions. Finally,
you’ll learn how to prioritize work using the delta use case canvas approach.
First, what is a use case? A use case is a description of how technology can be
leveraged to address a specific user need. Use cases typically include the
following information: A description of the goal that the user is trying to
achieve. A list of the steps that the user takes to achieve the goal. A
description of the system's responses to the user's actions. Any preconditions
or assumptions that must be met in order for the use case to be successful. And
any postconditions that must be met after the use case has been completed. A
user persona is a fictional character that represents a typical user of a
product or service underpinning a use case. Personas are generally based on
real-world research and are used to help businesses understand their target
audience in order to create products and services that are more likely to meet
their needs. Displaying empathy for a user is a great way to create products and
services that are successful in the market as more user-friendly and enjoyable
to use. Personas can help you to make better decisions about your products and
services. For example, you can use personas to test new features or decide how
to best cater a marketing message. To properly leverage your user persona when
designing conversational applications, you need to consider the following
points. Understand the brand by interviewing every possible stakeholder.
Different stakeholders will have different perspectives on the brand. Then
review the marketing material, the company website, commercials, and anything
else open to the public. If possible, visit the contact center as well. Then
understand the customer by asking the following questions. First, what are their
needs? Then, what does their customer journey look like? And also, what is their
demographic and degree of engagement? Once you understand the customer you can
start to understand the task or the intent of the user. In other words, what are
users mostly reaching out to the contact center about? Finally, create
characters that represent the users and stakeholders across the contact centers
engagement journey. For example, Contact Centers Managers, Call Center Agents,
Gen X Customers and Legacy Customers. All this information can be used to build
a persona for your Conversational Agent that best caters to your “real” user
personas. In building a Conversational Agent persona, the questions you want to
answer are as follows. What’s the name of your Conversational Agent, and is
there any meaning behind this name? What’s the age or age range of this
Conversational Agent? This informs the agent’s tone (like energetic or
sophisticated.) What’s the gender of your Conversational Agent? Knowing the
gender of the Conversational Agent helps create the custom voice. Does the
service that your Conversational Agent provides require any special training?
What role will this Conversational Agent play in your organization, (like
general customer representative or technical support?) Note that the goal of
creating a profile for the Conversational Agent is not to trick the user into
thinking they’re talking to a human being. The profile is there to serve as a
guide to help conversation designers write dialog with a uniform communication
style. Here is an example user persona for Betty, an early-to-mid-thirties
female. She is approachable, happy and friendly. From her profile, you can see
that she is also trustworthy, reliable and consistent. Furthermore, she provides
convenience and low effort customer service, and is also patient without rushing
the customer. Her interactions are simple, and straight forward. This role is
best catered as a general customer service representative that can route
customers to other service branches.