VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

The next topic focuses on how you can control access to CES services and APIs.
It’s very important to follow best practices for access control to ensure your
resources are well protected by following the principle of least privilege. The
backbone of a robust access control system is Identity and Access Management, or
IAM. IAM is a framework of policies and technologies that ensure the right users
have the appropriate access to the right resources. With IAM, you can define who
has permission to do what on which cloud resources. It also relies on the
concept of roles. Roles are simply bundles of permissions that define what
actions a user or service account can take on Google Cloud resources. That means
a role might contain multiple, smaller permissions that allow actions such as
viewing data, launching virtual machines, or changing firewall settings. Google
Cloud offers a selection of predefined rolesto quickly address typical use
cases. However, If you need very specific, fine-grained permissions, then you
also have the flexibility to create custom roles best aligned with your security
policies. At the beginning of your journey toward building a CES solution, we
recommend that you create the following groups where relevant: If you’re
developing Conversational Agents, the primary agent configurations should be
managed by your developer operations team with its own role. Your conversation
developers require the ability to edit flows. Similarly, anyone developing
webhooks within the Conversation developers will need a variety of roles
depending on which technologies you choose to use. The most common role the
Webhook devs need is the Cloud Run Administrator role. However, they’ll also
need to receive the Dialogflow Webhook Admins role so that they can configure
agent webhooks. When you assign IAM roles to these groups, access to Cloud
resources is granted to all the users who are members of it. It is important to
note that the roles are still called Dialogflow roles even though we refer to
the product called Conversational Agents. For Agent Assist, your developers will
have both the Dialogflow Admin role and the PubSub Admin role, due to the
importance PubSub plays in Agent Assist. When it comes to Conversational
Insights, your data analysts typically receives the BigQuery admin and Contact
Center Insights Editor roles. Please note that these are some of the main
recommended roles, and your final list will vary depending on precise
requirements and restrictions. Similarly, if you are deploying CES services,
then assign the contact center AI platform Admin role..