VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Welcome to the course, Customer Engagement Suite, also known as CES with Google
AI Architecture. In this course, we’ll explore several topics to help you
succeed in designing, building, and maintaining your CES solutions
architectures. The training will cover six key modules. You’ll start with CES
resource management, where you'll learn about the infrastructure and resources
needed to set the foundation for an effective and efficient Contact Center AI
Architecture. Then, you'll go over the required steps to plan for the deployment
of Conversational Agents, Agent Assist, and Conversational Insights. Finally
deployment and operations will be addressed, in addition to the essential
security and compliance practices. Let’s start with the Customer Engagement
Suite resource management module, where you’ll explore architectural resourcing
considerations for CES. The objectives for this module are as follows: Identify
operational environments, and resourcing, and access considerations needed to
implement CES Solutions. Review the integrations that can enhance CES solutions,
in Google Cloud as well as third parties. Explore how CES fits into the Vertex
AI stack. And finally, identify the advantages of leveraging Customer Engagement
Suite, to take full advantage of Google Cloud resources. Let’s get started! This
module consists of the following topics: Architecture, Operational environments,
Access control, Google Cloud and third-party integrations, The Vertex AI
ecosystem, and Customer Engagement Suite integrations Let’s start with the first
topic. Several factors need to be taken into account when preparing to build or
transform your Contact Center using the CES solutions. Asking some basic
questions upfront can help determine the best resources to deploy to achieve
your target architecture. The first question that needs to be asked is what
solutions are in scope for your CES implementation? Are you looking to connect
your customers with your staff, or with bots, or does your contact center need
to be modernized? If so, consider using Contact Center as a Service (or CCaaS).
If you only want to implement Conversational Agents, analyze historical chats
with Conversational Insights or provide assistance to your human agents with
Agent Assist, then use Customer Engagement Suite (or CES). The next question to
ask is “Are you looking for assistive technologies that enable your staff to do
an efficient and better job at resolving your customers' needs?” If so, consider
using our Agent Assist capabilities. Maybe you’re looking for help with scaling
up your ability for self serve in your call center and improving customer
satisfaction without increasing your staffing levels? If so, consider
implementing a Conversational Agent. Are you interested in performing deep
analytics on how your customers are interacting with your Contact Center? If so,
consider using Conversational Insights to derive customer, agent, and contact
center Key Performance Indicators, or KPIs. The answers to these questions will
help determine which resources you’ll need to support these solutions. And
whether you’ll need special infrastructure to support the level of availability
and resiliency you desire. Now, let's turn our attention to an essential
consideration for organizing your CES resources, namely, the interconnection of
your technologies. This is a critical aspect to consider as it will determine
how seamlessly your CES components can communicate and share data. To ensure
efficient and effective operations, you need to define the resources required to
support your operational environments. Once you have a clear understanding of
the resources needed, you can then begin to map out the interconnection of your
technologies. Finally, it's important to consider how you will capture data from
your CES solution to measure operational success. This data will be essential
for tracking key performance indicators and identifying areas for improvement.
What follows is an example of how the answers to these questions will show the
extent of solution integration across the CES portfolio. As shown in the
displayed diagram, a holistic CES solution can encompass a combination of:
Telephony, Conversational Agents, and human Agent Assistive technologies. On top
of these technologies, you can also leverage Conversational Insights to analyze
your data, interact with APIs and the data layer, and connect with other
services to round out and customize your solution. The needs of the business are
ultimately what drives the decision around which solutions should be added to
your CES infrastructure. So make sure to clarify those requirements and their
expected impact up front.