VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Contact Center AI services are the building blocks that power an AI driven
Contact Center. In order to leverage these services, an underlying Contact
Center platform is needed. In this topic, you’ll explore a high-level overview
of the available integration options with CES and the choices that customers
have when wanting to adopt CES services. First, some background. In 2019, Google
Cloud started working with the leading ISVs to enable integrations between their
platforms and Google Cloud’s Contact Center AI services. This allowed customers
to easily integrate with Genesys, NICE, Avaya, Cisco, Five9, and many others. It
resulted in customers being able to add advanced conversational AI capabilities
to their existing traditional contact center infrastructure. For many, this
extended the life of their existing contact center solution. However, this
integration can be suboptimal when it comes to operations, observability, and
end-to-end serviceability. That’s what originated the demand for a fully
managed, end-to-end Google Cloud solution for Contact Centers operations. That
solution is called Contact Center as a Service, or, often referred to as, CCaaS.
Google Cloud's own offering for a modern, AI-powered Contact Center as a
Service. Customer Engagement Suite or CES works hand-in-hand with Conversational
Agents, Agent Assist for real-time guidance, as well as Conversational Insights
to understand contact center analytics, customer sentiment and trends. It also
works well with all the most popular CRMs and supports multiple channels such as
voice, mobile and web chat, SMS, social channels and email. CES is a part of
CCaaS. The CCaaS is a great option to pursue for streamlined setup and quick
results, and provides integrations with OEM partners. Your choicebetween
implementing n ew infrastructure and retaining your existing contact center
solution will directly influence the range of options and strategies available
to you. Let’s go over the different options. You can use CES if you’re seeking a
new Contact Centeras a Service platform, or full Google solution. You can start
with Google Cloud CES today and retain the option to easily switch platforms in
the future, by opting for CES “over the top”, which adds CES solutions AI
capabilities to an existing platform. Lastly, as a third option you can leverage
is CES’s integration with OEM partners if you want to retain your existing
contact center infrastructure Ultimately, the choice resides with you and your
customers based on existing needs and circumstances.