VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Next is a high level overview on how CES solutions integrate with other Google
Cloud and third-party services. When building the operational readiness of your
target infrastructure, keep in mind that there are several Google Cloud services
beyond what is immediately available in CES.v These services can greatly
complement and support CES solutions. The most popular are: Cloud Logging, Cloud
Monitoring, BigQuery, Looker Studio, Sensitive Data Protection with the Cloud
DLP API, Cloud Functions, And Cloud Run. Let’s briefly explore each of these
services. Cloud Observability is important to keep a pulse on the performance of
your CES solution. Cloud Logging supports your observability needs by enabling
you to capture log information from your cloud resources. This can greatly
enhance your ability to monitor your Conversational Agent interactions. Cloud
Monitoring helps you collect and observe important metrics, events, and
metadata. Such information is important when looking at the performance of CES
solutions and other associated components. The most common metrics observed are
error rates and latency, but many other Key Performance Indicators (or KPIs) can
be configured. BigQuery helps you build data warehouses when you need
interaction logging and analytics for your CES solution. This can greatly
advance your ability to adapt, maintain and evolve your CES solution. BigQuery
data can be easily viewed with Looker Studio, which can help you create reports
and visualize your data. This is exceptionally important when you want to
monitor performance of the Conversational Agent or other CES services. Sensitive
Data protection (and more specifically, the Cloud Data Loss Prevention
component, or Cloud DLP), is a service that helps you protect and secure
personally identifiable information, or PII, in your data. It works by
identifying the particular PII based on a template and set of PII types. Once
PII is identified, the data can be masked, replaced, or removed. Note that when
implementing a Conversational Agent, it is very important to identify any
parameters collected that would be considered PII to help prevent them from
being logged. Finally, Conversational Agents can connect to systems in order to
look up information or carry out transactions. These connections to your APIs
are known as webhooks. Cloud Functions and Cloud Run are two popular options to
get webhook code up and running and are often used with Conversational Agents.
The popularity of these options is largely due to the ease of implementation of
microservices, coupled with the elasticity to rapidly scale up and down. Other
options include Kubernetes Engine, Compute Engine, App Engine, or Apigee.
Another type of integration facilitated by CES solutions is with Telephony and
Chat providers. These are key to any successful CES implementation.
Conversational Agents provides one-click integrations with many popular vendors
and technologies. And when one click integrations don’t exist, it allows for the
development of a custom connection through CES APIs.