VIDEO TRANSCRIPT
==================================================

Now let’s zoom out to a bird’s-eye view of the Vertex AI ecosystem and
understand where CES fits into it. As we’ve discovered, seamless integrations
are key to fully unlocking the business value of your CES solutions. This is
because they promote a comprehensive, end-to-end approach that removes the
friction often experienced when building legacy contact centers. They do this by
stitching different solutions together for incremental gains. When you partner
with Google Cloud for your AI needs, you get a comprehensive technology offering
built on Vertex AI. Vertex AI is a a machine learning (or ML) platform that lets
you train and deploy ML models and AI applications. And you can also customize
large language models (or LLMs) for use in your AI-powered application. The
platform stack is multilayered and multipurpose. Starting at the bottom, there’s
Google’s world class AI optimized infrastructure with GPU and TPU accelerators,
fully integrated with Google Data Cloud. On top of it sits the Vertex AI Model
garden, a one stop shop to find first-party, open source and third-party large
language models. AI Platform leverages the resources from the Model Garden to
provide end to end tooling to build, deploy and monitor Gen AI models and
pipelines. Vertex AI Search and Conversation is the interface that developers
can then lean on to access the AI platform resources to quickly and easily
infuse chat, Gen AI, and search into their Enterprise applications. And lastly,
AI Solutions such as Contact Center as a Service, and CES inside it, sit on top
of the stack. They leverage the Vertex AI Search and Conversation to deploy
chatbots and voicebots at scale. This means that contact center AI takes
advantage of the full stack of resources and capabilities available in Vertex
AI. In order to accommodate different use cases, VertexAI capabilities were made
accessible both through the Vertex AI Applications console as well as out-of-
the-box in CES. For example, a customer who has a high level of AI proficiency,
may want to build highly customized use cases. These customers can take
advantage of independent, or “build your own” components of Vertex AI and
assemble them according to their needs, like: Model Garden, AI Platform, AI
Applications, And third-party LLMs. Other clients may be after low code or no-
code products ready for use in customer service use cases. In this instance, the
best solution for them is to leverage off-the-shelf packaged products such as:
The CES, Conversational Agents, Agent Assist, Or Conversational Insights. Vertex
also offers a number of pre-built solutions for specific verticals or use cases
like food ordering and financial services. Prebuilts allow you to leverage
templates that just require fine tuning to adapt to specific use cases.